{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar \f4 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f4\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\qc\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f5\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\nowidctlpar \f5 \sbasedon0\snext0 
heading 3;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\qj\fi720\nowidctlpar \f4 \sbasedon0\snext15 Body Text Indent;}{\s16\qc\nowidctlpar \b\f4\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext16 Title;}}{\info{\title Lottery}{\author bissy}{\operator Nikolay Kirov}
{\creatim\yr2004\mo3\dy27\hr21\min13}{\revtim\yr2004\mo3\dy29\hr14\min46}{\version3}{\edmins2}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords255}{\nofchars1459}{\*\company a&b}{\vern57431}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\aftnnar\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s16\qc\widctlpar \b\f4\fs28 Second International Programming Contest
\par \pard\plain \qc\sa240\sl360\slmult1\widctlpar \f4 {\b\fs28 March 28, 2004, Blagoevgrad, Bulgaria
\par }\pard\plain \s15\qc\fi720\nowidctlpar \f4 {\b\fs40 Problem E
\par 
\par Lottery
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \f4 
\par \pard\plain \s15\qj\widctlpar \f4 In the country of Iusia is decided to make a lottery. That\rquote s why the government needs a program to calculate the winning numbers. The president wants the wi
nning numbers to have something in common with the hour, the minute and the second of the filling of the last slip. He has very eccentric minister in gambling who very likes binary numbers and operations with them, so he offers the way to calculate the wi
nning numbers: you have to turn the hours, the minutes and the seconds in binary numbers, then execute on them XOR. The number that is the result of all that have to be turned into a decimal number again and is called \ldblquote coefficient\rdblquote 
. The nil number is 0 (it\rquote 
s not a winning number). Every winning number is the previous one plus the coefficient.. Here the minister of the education (who is very smart mathematician) guesses that the winning numbers have to be limited, so when a number is bigger than the limit, t
he limit has to be extracted out the number. 
\par \pard\plain \qj\fi720\widctlpar \f4 The only thing that left to be done is the program that makes all that calculations. So the president announced competition for a programmer, who must write the program. You are at this competition. Here are the
 conditions: you are given on the standard input n+1 rows. At the first row there is integer n \endash  the number of the tests. The next n rows contain 4 numbers each \endash 
 the hour (h), minutes (m), seconds (s) and the limiting number (l). (0<h<23, 0<m, s<59, 1<l<10000)
\par \pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar Your task is to print on the standard output n rows. In each row there has to be 11 numbers \endash  the first is the coefficient; the next 10 are the first 10 winning numbers.
\par \pard \qj\fi720\widctlpar 
\par Example
\par 
\par Input:
\par 1
\par 7 9 5 9
\par 
\par Output:
\par 11 2 4 6 8 1 3 5 7 9 2
\par }